# Meeting Minutes 
Team Alpha

## Meet Date:
Week 4 - 6 july 2023


## Attendees/Present:
Yaswanth Jonnakuti
Rakesh Gunturu
Saikumar Pulluri
Rohith Kalakuntla

## Absent:
NONE

## Discussion (Each team member shared their progress):

Rakesh Gunturu:
I have completed working on Issue 12 which is about Adding Collapsible Form support. I have started working on Issue 13 that is, Adding new fields to support date and time and add new schema. Formatting of date is an important factor to consider.

Yaswanth Jonnakuti:
I have completed working on Issue 8 which is about Adding new field to support password type and masking it. I have started working on Issue 24 which is about Adding new field to support radio button.

Saikumar Pulluri:
I have completed working on Issue 11 that is Clear data after onChange between oneOf functions. I have started working on Issue 38 which is to Add new field to support checkboxes in a field.

Rohith kalakuntla:
I have completed working on Issue 6 that is making UI level changes. I have started working on Issue 32 which about getData() function to get working with oneOf schema.

## Decisions Made:
Rakesh Gunturu to check functionalities of added UI changes that are new input types.

Yaswanth Jonnakuti to check the feasibility of bootstrap update to existing UI.

Saikumar Pulluri to try checking and adding more input field types.

Rohith Kalakuntla to try automating document checker and validate the changes using existing comments.


## Minutes Approved by:  
Rohith Kalakuntla
## Minutes submitted by:  
Saikumar Pulluri